this is the new power feed we've swapped
an original Bridgeport very speed for
one of the new ones
because the very speed was there past
its best so to change from one with a
with an original Bridgeport very speed
on you gonna have an adapter shaft now I
don't ever you can see that but it's
it's just under there try to focus in a
bit better well it's a bit dark but
that's the adapter shaft there with the
two drives on it so that comes in the
kit when you buy the adapter shaft and
that takes it from the original
Bridgeport very speed which I'll just
show you the second see you can actually
see an adapter shaft and it's it's sort
of around that sort of area you know and
takes the power feed this one isn't
quite finished yet doesn't have any of
the drives in it so that's what you need
to upgrade from this to a brand new
style power feed so we're just going to
take this apart now and show you where
all you need to do a bit of shimming
which is where the vast majority of the
work is when you put one
okay we can slip carefully that seed
would just take you won a couple of the
shins off now she weren't happy with the
position so we're just going to these
are all in the pack by the way and so we
just take one of those out I'm going to
put it back together and and see how the
land lies on start
you
so when you put it back together teaser
if you make sure that the little
Woodruff Keys are all points to the
don't fall out
this machine's got a safety handle as
well so when they the power feed kicks
in the handle just spins doesn't hurt
your hand of it happens to hit it
I can see that that so the sound that
should make when it's getting nice and
smooth and then if you've got it right
when you push that now you just go to
turn the handle it just clicks in and
then if we have power to it would drive
but we don't at the moment because we're
still setting up okay so that's how you
just change your shins
all those are in the pack as well
so this is a way to take the power from
on the Bridgeport milling machine this
is the power cabinet here this is a
relatively new one there's several
different types you should have an ash
unit of sorts the will mail it look a
bit different but basically a black box
in the bottom where there's getting
written on it so you won't need this
perk box anymore or any of this cable
loom that you can see going out here so
remove all these just by unscrewing
there and they'll come off of the unit
just like that then once all that's done
you take this out you trace the power
through which is these see this red and
brown here that comes through and it's
actually coming off this contact here so
that's a 110 volts coming off there so
that's your contact it for your power
feed sometimes it's down here on the
bottom but you'll always have two wires
coming off it and go into the asking
units that's how you can tell which ones
which okay so the new power power for
the new power feed which is 110 volts is
going to come from those two cables
there that's already fused on this
system here okay so that's where to take
the power from for the new power feed
okay so I'm just showing you the power
feed upgrade now it still operates as
normal off this switch here so that's
how to turn it on and off on the
Bridgeport it still works on the East
are just put them up press that back on
to apply power to it again it works at a
110 volt supply so you can see when
you've got power because you've got a
light on here okay so you've got a
variable speed here and wrap it over
right there now the kit comes with auto
stops so you can see one of them here
and you just move that up and down as
and whenever you need it you know and
when that stop hits the maker switch
here it just shuts the feed down so
that's that's what they look like before
you put them on and they just simply and
easily just slip into the slotted area
on the end there
okay so I'll just power up now
this plates also in the kit
okay so you can barely the speed right
the way down to almost nothing
and you can wrap it over ride if you
want cut your finger off and it goes
straight back to feed back to the middle
let it stop and then go the other way
again you can vary the speed up down or
wrap it over I'll turn it back to the
middle at its top and there's also a
power off switch here so the indicator
goes off um back on again
okay